hi we can bag this meal from yesterday
my food calm for today I will make
something very simple very famously
Danny's salad called fattoush and it's
very healthy it's very easy and quick
acidity - and tastes delicious so I will
use different variety of vegetables
cucumber tomato green onion parsley and
the green bell pepper and other stuff so
first step I have to clean all my
vegetables clean it and wash it very
very carefully after that I will chop
everything and after that I will show
you the preparation of the salad that
called fattoush so first our clean shop
and after that will continue hi welcome
back
so after I clean and wash my vegetables
I chop it and now I will start the first
step of making the Lebanese salad that
constituition so for my recipe I will
use like 3 cup of chopped tomato so I
will add it into this large bowl the 3
cup tomato and I will use also 3 cup
chopped a few kantor I will add it to my
knowledge Bowl and you see her
I will use one cup chopped green bell
pepper and I will add it to the ball I
will use one cup fine chopped parsley
and I will add it to the large bowl I
will add like third cup thin sliced
green onion and having to the ball I
will add like one tablespoon chopped
fresh chopped garlic and adding to my
also I will use radishes that I cut for
thin slice and I will add like this
would be like also I said my quarter cup
of wretches so after I had all my
chopped vegetables to the large board
now I will add my spices so the most
important spice that I've used is called
sumac as you see here and you can buy
the so much spice from me from any Greek
Lebanese or Turkish grocery so I will
use one tablespoon sumac
I will use one teaspoon salt or you can
add the half the amount of the South and
then test it and see if it's need more
salt I will add like a little bit grind
black pepper I will add like half
teaspoon cumin or cumin and I will add
like a half tea spoon time again 1/2
teaspoon time and I will add fresh olive
oil I'd like two tablespoon fresh olive
oil and I will add like third cup of
fresh lemon juice so after adding on my
spice some cumin salt thyme and lemon
and the olive oil I will mix everything
together so this is the first part of
the the my salad and it's still missing
very important ingredient and that would
be fry or toasted pita bread so I have
to leave my salad for one hour and every
10 minutes you mix it and I leave for a
lot about all the juice the spices and
those to us to combine together so
welcome back so now I will prepare the
bigger bread so how about the bread you
can find it today in any market and
and simply I would have there'll be the
braid for small squares
like this size and about the brood that
lets to wait to prefer the beta for the
fattest a lot first one to fry the
bitter bread in oil and the second way
is to coat the pita bread with olive oil
put it in baking sheet and toast it in
the oven until you have browned light
golden color and when it doesn't open
you have to mix the beta every like five
or 10 minutes to ensure that all the
beta toast equally for me I will fry the
bit of bread the difference between
frying the little frying the beta bread
and plus it is oven when you fry it it
should have more calories so if you
consider less calories so does the bit
of bread in the oven so after I have to
be the bread now I will fry it
so let's move Frank the data bread so
I'll start adding that bread nice to my
hot oil you have to be careful it's very
hot
so I will fry the pita bread till I get
this light golden color and I forget to
say that I will fry three pita bread so
I have three pita bread I chopped it and
I will fry it so as you see this is the
color that I want
brown brown gold so my bit about it's
ready I'll take it out of the oil and
put it in some paper sheet and leave it
to the side till the time I will serve
my Patricia hi welcome back so this is
my my salad and also here is my my pita
bread deep fried as I said you can also
toasted you can do it in the oven so
next step we will add the the chips the
pita chips to the salat and if you don't
want to serve all the amount now you add
we have the amount of that chap so if
you added analytic later the chip would
be soggy and soft so the chips or the
pita bread fried you had it at the serve
so let me show you the fire product so
this is my final salat the fattoush so
truly to be tasted simply let me taste
it quick that's amazing it's really
really tasty it's very healthy recipe so
I come at this respect for everyone and
if you have any question write for me
bad and as always please subscribe
subscribe subscribe subscribe for now I
have to eat this finish it so
bye-bye